# Acronym Finder

## Description

You found an acronym and want to know its meaning. This app provides an interface to the Acronym Server and 
enables to query the server to retrieve the definitions.

## Purpose

This simple program is used as an exercice to illustrate several important programming concepts on the Android platform.

It shows:

* how to use Material Design
* how to perform an HTTP request and parse the response
* how to use a Service to encapsulate long-duration operations
* how to use a Content Provider with an SQLite database to implement a cache
* how to use a recycler view
* how to correctly separate the business logic from the user interface

## Copyrights and licenses

The source code is copyrighted by Tony Guyot (verdaroboto@gmail.com) and is released under the Apache 2.0 license.

The acronyms are retrieved from the Acronym Server (http://acronyms.silmaril.ie) provided by Silmaril Consultants. The Acronym Server by Silmaril Consultants is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License. 

This program uses the Lobster font:
>Copyright (c) 2010, Pablo Impallari (www.impallari.com|impallari@gmail.com),
>Copyright (c) 2010, 2011, Alexei Vanyashin (www.cyreal.org|a@cyreal.org),
>with Reserved Font Name Lobster.
>This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1.

The launcher icon was generated by the Android Asset Studio (https://romannurik.github.io/AndroidAssetStudio).
All art generated by the Android Asset Studio is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License.


 
